GDB automation with Python script to measure memory usage in dashd (#1609)
dashpay/dash: contrib/auto_gdb/README.md

# Contents
This directory contains tools to automatically get data about the memory consumption by some objects in dashd process with the help of GDB debugger.

## dash_dbg.sh

> This shell script attaches GDB to running dashd process (should be built with debug info), executes debug.gdb script and detaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This shell script attaches GDB to the running dashd process (should be built with debug info), executes debug.gdb script and detaches.
```

> By default it uses testnet setting,  see script comments to attach to mainnet dashd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default it uses testnet settings, see script comments to attach it to mainnet dashd.
```

## debug.gdb

> Contains debugger instructions to execute during attach: load python code and executes it for the objects we want to investigate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains debugger instructions to execute during attach: loads python code and executes it for the objects we want to investigate.
```

## log_size.py

> Contains definition of the gdb command log_size. After loading of this script it can be called from gdb command line or other gdb scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains definition of the gdb command log_size. After this script loads it can be called from gdb command line or other gdb scripts.
```

Command params:
`log_size arg0 arg1`
`arg0` - name of object whose memory will be written in log file
`arg1` - name of the log file
Example:
```
log_size mnodeman "memlog.txt"
```

## used_size.py
Contains definition of the gdb command used_size. After loading of this script it can be called from gdb command line or other gdb scripts.
Command params:
`used_size arg0 arg1`
`arg0` - variable to store memory used by the object
`arg1` - name of object whose memory will be calculated and stored in the first argument
Example:
```
>(gdb) set $size = 0
>(gdb) used_size $size mnodeman
>(gdb) p $size
```

## stl_containers.py

> Contains helper classes to calculate memory used by the STL containers (list, vector, map, set, pair)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains helper classes to calculate memory used by the STL containers (list, vector, map, set, pair).
```

## simple_class_obj.py

> Contains helper class to calculate memory used by the object as a sum of the memory used by its fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains a helper class to calculate the memory used by an object as a sum of the memory used by its fields.
```

> All processed objects of such type are listed in the this file,  you can add new types you are interested in to this list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All processed objects of such type are listed in the this file, you can add new types you are interested in to this list.
```

> If some type is not listed here,  his size is calculated as sizeof result (except STL containers which are processed in stl_containers.py).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a type is not listed here, its size is the return of sizeof (except STL containers which are processed in stl_containers.py).
```

# Contents
This directory contains tools to automatically get data about the memory consumption by some objects in dashd process with the help of GDB debugger.

## dash_dbg.sh

> This shell script attaches GDB to running dashd process (should be builded with debug info), executes debug.gdb script and detaches.

Reviewer 2: s/builded/built/

`log_size arg0 arg1`
`arg0` - name of object whose memory will be written in log file
`arg1` - name of the log file
Example:
```
log_size mnodeman "memlog.txt"
```

## used_size.py
Contains definition of the gdb command used_size. After loading of this script it can be called from gdb command line or other gdb scripts.
Command params:
`used_size arg0 arg1`
`arg0` - variable to store memory used by the object
`arg1` - name of object whose memory will be calculated and stored in the first argument
Example:
```
>(gdb) set $size = 0
>(gdb) used_size $size mnodeman
>(gdb) p $size
```

## stl_containers.py
Contains helper classes to calculate memory used by the STL containers (list, vector, map, set, pair)

## simple_class_obj.py
Contains helper class to calculate memory used by the object as a sum of the memory used by its fields.
All processed objects of such type are listed in the this file,  you can add new types you are interested in to this list.
If some type is not listed here,  his size is calculated as sizeof result (except STL containers which are processed in stl_containers.py).

## common_helpers.py
Several helper functions that are used in other python code.

> 

Reviewer 2: drop one empty line here pls
